Author: Scott Walters

Summary:
Smart home devices are emerging technologies that allow users to impact their homes in various ways via their
smart devices. Smart locks are door locks that can be locked or unlocked from anywhere using any device with
an internet connection. Most people use their mobile phone to operate the lock, leaving the user vulnerable to
home invasion if their phone were somehow lost or stolen. This link between the digital and physical world provides
malicious actors the opportunity to access an individuals digital and physical assets. The pro's of using such a
device are minimal, allowing the user to let people into their home while they are away, providing peace of mind
by virtue of being able to lock their home from anywhere, and not having to worry about forgetting their house key.

Security Goals:
Two security goals for smart locks are authentication and availability. The authentication principle surrounds
the idea that it denies impersonation, which would be necessary for this piece of technology to function properly.
If this were breached, by the exposure of personal data or some other breach, the lock would be rendered useless.
Impersonation of a homeowner would give the attacker the ability to access the house on their own will or even
lock the true homeowner out of their home. Availability is another huge issue with smart locks, such that if the 
system goes down, malfunctions, or is compromised by a power outage, the user may be locked out of their home or 
malicious actors may be wrongfully given access. This would again put the physical assets of the user in danger 
of being stolen or otherwise tampered with.

Threats:
Two threats that could impact this technology could are data leaks or network breaches. If the user, like many, 
reuse passwords for multiple accounts, a data leak from another site could accidentally leak the information
needed to break into your home. When data is leaked on the dark web, attackers around the world could gain 
access to this information, and if they are the user's general location, could burglarize the user. Network
breaches also pose a serious threat, as many of these devices are required to be connected to a homes wifi 
network to have full functionality. Should the user's home network be breached by attackers, they would gain 
the ability to take advantage of both digital and physical assets.

Defenses:
Two defenses to acheive the security goals outlined above would be two factor authentication and a extensive
testing. Two factor authentication would require new users to have access to two pieces of the user's
technology to approve themselves as active users, thwarting attempts at impersonation. This, however, would also 
require that the user authenticate themselves after a certiain period of time, likely weekly or biweekly. 
Extensive testing would address issues around power outages or malfunctions, causing the lock to either be engaged
until receiving some sort of physical input from an authenticated user. Unfortunately, this would not address the 
scenario of a malicious actor gaining access to the device. 

Conclusion:
In short, I feel that smart locks are entirely unecessary. Traditional lock and key systems have their own flaws,
but at least no one can hack their way into your home from across the globe. Smart locks essentially increase the
number of potential attackers almost infinitely, while providing little gain for the user. They can provide
information on the coming and going of individuals into homes, but cameras can give the same insight, without
potentially giving people access to your home. Long term, I do unfortunately see smart locks becoming common place
in western society, as people become more infatuated with seemingly useless technology. Ethically, I do not think
that smart locks have any space to exist as they do more harm to the individual than good. Even if you don't want
to wait at home for the cable guy, why would you just want to let him into your home from your office? Personally,
I see no appeal to smart locks or even keypad locks for that matter. 